Altair in description and titles (#2235)
ethereum/eth2.0-specs: specs/altair/fork.md

## Introduction

> This document describes the process of the first upgrade of Ethereum 2.0: the Altair hardfork, introducing Light Client support.

Reviewer: nitpicking: it's not only light client support. The scope is described in https://github.com/ethereum/eth2.0-specs/blob/c979e690030d22661b1d7e5c433ecf4a809683db/specs/altair/beacon-chain.md#introduction

```suggestion
This document describes the process of the first upgrade of Ethereum 2.0: the Altair hard fork, introducing light client support and other improvements.
```
